README.md, before:

Spindulys
======

## Introduction

A simple and light weight ray tracer.

You want to quickly want to trace a scene then this project is for you!

## Installation

At this current moment in time you can only build it from source, done by,

```
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
```

### Requirements

These are the current packages needed to build Spindulys:
- clang
- [Intel Embree](https://github.com/embree/embree) (3.5.2)
- [USD](https://github.com/PixarAnimationStudios/USD) (20.11)
- [TBB](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneTBB) (2018.U6)

In the future these dependancies should either be minimised or completely removed.

### Running
Currently only USD scenes are supported. Launch one by,
```
spindulys -s <path/to/usdScene>
```

Then move the camera around with the WASD keys and right mouse button to rotate.

## Acknowledgements
This was orignally forked from https://github.com/JoshuaSenouf/tracer into https://github.com/LinasBeres/tracer, but then as I made more changes I decided to turn it into it's own repository.

---

## TODO List
| TODO                  | Done | Extras                                                                                                     |
| ---------             | ---- | ------                                                                                                     |
| USDCamera             | [x]  | <ul><li>depth of field []</li><li>near/far []</li><li>clipping planes []</li><li>orthographic []</li></ul> |
| USDMesh               | [/]  |                                                                                                            |
| USDCube               | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDCylindar           | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDSphere             | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDCone               | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDBasisCurves        | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDPoints             | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDNurbsCurves        | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDNerbsOatch         | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDCapsule            | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDInstance           | []   |                                                                                                            |
| XML Loader            | []   |                                                                                                            |
| Remove USD Dependency | []   |                                                                                                            |
| Support Mac           | []   |                                                                                                            |
| Support Windows       | []   |                                                                                                            |

Commit message:

Update Main (#13)
* Support gcc warnings

* Mention clang and gcc versions

* Added usd translators for mesh

* Fixed some cmake errors

* Stop segfaults with xformcache

* Remove hard coded paths from gui source

* Adding skeleton for USD basis curves and test scene

* Added basic curves such as flat linear and flat, round and normal variant bezier

* Update cmake and usd version

* Detangle USD (#10)

* Demangled USD from scene

* Using nativefiledialog extended to load and import scenes

* Readd thirdparty cmake

* Update build instructions on README

* Add USD compile ifs

* Update usd handling

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Load obj files (#11)

* Add skeleton for loading in objs

* Basic objs loading

* Remove output

* Work on Mac (#12)

* Update find tbb with one that can find onetbb

* FindTBB was wrong and make usd an optional include

* Update setup usd

* Update glad

* GLFW doing something now

* Update window.cpp

* Little updates

* Make glTexImage2D work

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Changed permission of files

README.md, after:

Spindulys
======

## Introduction

A simple and light weight ray tracer.

You want to quickly want to trace a scene then this project is for you!

## Installation

At this current moment in time you can only build it from source, done by,

```
git clone git@github.com:LinasBeres/spindulys.git
cd spindulys
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

and then build,

```
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
```

### Requirements

These are the current packages needed to build Spindulys:
- clang/gcc (clang-7+/gcc-8+)
- cmake (3.13+)
- [Intel Embree](https://github.com/embree/embree) (3.5.2)
- [TBB](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneTBB) (2018.U6+ or oneTBB)

In the future these dependancies should either be minimised or completely removed.

#### Optional Requirements
If you want **USD** to work then you require the following:
- [USD](https://github.com/PixarAnimationStudios/USD) (20.11 - 22.08)

#### Environments
Currently tested on:
- Rocky Linux 9.0 x86_64
- macOS 10.15 Catalina

### Running
Currently only OBJ and USD scenes are supported. Launch one by,
```
spindulys -s <path/to/scene>
```

Then move the camera around with the WASD keys and right mouse button to rotate.

## Acknowledgements
This was orignally forked from https://github.com/JoshuaSenouf/tracer into https://github.com/LinasBeres/tracer, but then as I made more changes I decided to turn it into it's own repository.

---

## TODO List
| TODO                  | Done | Extras                                                                                                     |
| ---------             | ---- | ------                                                                                                     |
| USDCamera             | [x]  | <ul><li>depth of field []</li><li>near/far []</li><li>clipping planes []</li><li>orthographic []</li></ul> |
| USDMesh               | [/]  |                                                                                                            |
| USDCube               | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDCylindar           | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDSphere             | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDCone               | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDBasisCurves        | [/]  |                                                                                                            |
| USDPoints             | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDNurbsCurves        | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDNerbsPatch         | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDCapsule            | []   |                                                                                                            |
| USDInstance           | []   |                                                                                                            |
| XML Loader            | []   |                                                                                                            |
| Remove USD Dependency | []   |                                                                                                            |
| Support Mac           | []   |                                                                                                            |
| Support Windows       | []   |                                                                                                            |
